---
title: 1.My Body
order: 100
---

## 课文

<!-- <VidStack
  src="/files/1.MyBody.wav"
  title="课文"
/> -->

Our body is like a wonderful machine, and it has many parts that help us do different things.

I have two **eyes** that let me see beautiful flowers, colorful birds, and my lovely friends. I have two **ears** that help me hear the sounds of birds singing and my mom’s kind words. My **nose** can smell delicious food and the sweet scent of flowers. My **mouth** is for talking, eating, and smiling. I use my **hands** to write, draw, and play games. My **fingers** and **thumb** help me hold a pencil or a toy.

I have two **legs** and two **feet** with many **toes** and **nails** on them. They let me walk to school, run in the park, and jump rope. My **arms** and **shoulders** help me lift books and give hugs. My **knees**, **elbows**, **wrists**, and **ankles** make my body move flexibly.

My **head** has **hair** and a **face** with all those features. My **neck** connects my head to my **body**. My **chest** and **back** keep my body strong, and my **waist** helps me twist and turn. I also have **teeth** to chew food and a **tongue** to taste sweet, sour, and salty things.

Every part of my body is important. I should take good care of them by eating healthy food, doing exercise, and getting enough sleep. Let’s all love and care for our amazing bodies!

- **scent** /sent/n. 气味；香味
- **rope** /rəʊp/n. 绳；绳索
- **hugs** /hʌɡz/n. 拥抱（复数形式）
- **flexibly** /ˈfleksəbli/adv. 灵活地；柔韧地
- **chew** /tʃuː/v. 咀嚼
- **sour** /ˈsaʊə(r)/adj. 酸的
- **salty things** 咸的东西
- **healthy** /ˈhelθi/adj. 健康的

## 单词

<!-- <VidStack
  src="/files/1.MyBodyDict.wav"
  title="单词"
/> -->

1. foot /fʊt/ n. 脚
2. head /hed/ n. 头
3. face /feɪs/ n. 脸
4. hand /hænd/ n. 手
5. leg /leg/ n. 腿
6. eye /aɪ/ n. 眼睛
7. ear /ɪə(r)/ n. 耳朵
8. nose /nəʊz/ n. 鼻子
9. mouth /maʊθ/ n. 嘴巴
10. hair /heə(r)/ n. 头发
11. finger /ˈfɪŋgə(r)/ n. 手指
12. arm /ɑːm/ n. 手臂
13. knee /niː/ n. 膝盖
14. elbow /ˈelbəʊ/ n. 肘
15. wrist /rɪst/ n. 腕
16. ankle /ˈæŋkl/ n. 脚踝
17. shoulder /ˈʃəʊldə(r)/ n. 肩膀
18. chest /tʃest/ n. 胸部
19. back /bæk/ n. 背部
20. neck /nek/ n. 脖子
21. body /ˈbɒdi/ n. 身体
22. tongue /tʌŋ/ n. 舌头
23. lip /lɪp/ n. 嘴唇
24. nail /neɪl/ n. 指甲
25. tooth /tuːθ/ n. 牙齿
26. toe /təʊ/ n. 脚趾
27. thumb /θʌm/ n. 拇指
28. waist /weɪst/ n. 腰部
